d:\usr\tokarz\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\Eteczka\Eteczka.Tests\bin\Debug\Eteczka.Tests.dll.config
d:\usr\tokarz\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\Eteczka\Eteczka.Tests\bin\Debug\Eteczka.Tests.dll
d:\usr\tokarz\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\Eteczka\Eteczka.Tests\bin\Debug\Eteczka.Tests.pdb
d:\usr\tokarz\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\Eteczka\Eteczka.Tests\bin\Debug\Eteczka.dll
d:\usr\tokarz\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\Eteczka\Eteczka.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\usr\tokarz\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\Eteczka\Eteczka.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\usr\tokarz\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\Eteczka\Eteczka.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
d:\usr\tokarz\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\Eteczka\Eteczka.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
d:\usr\tokarz\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\Eteczka\Eteczka.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
d:\usr\tokarz\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\Eteczka\Eteczka.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
d:\usr\tokarz\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\Eteczka\Eteczka.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\usr\tokarz\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\Eteczka\Eteczka.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\usr\tokarz\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\Eteczka\Eteczka.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
d:\usr\tokarz\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\Eteczka\Eteczka.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
d:\usr\tokarz\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\Eteczka\Eteczka.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
d:\usr\tokarz\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\Eteczka\Eteczka.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
d:\usr\tokarz\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\Eteczka\Eteczka.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
d:\usr\tokarz\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\Eteczka\Eteczka.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
d:\usr\tokarz\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\Eteczka\Eteczka.Tests\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
d:\usr\tokarz\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\Eteczka\Eteczka.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
d:\usr\tokarz\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\Eteczka\Eteczka.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
d:\usr\tokarz\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\Eteczka\Eteczka.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
d:\usr\tokarz\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\Eteczka\Eteczka.Tests\bin\Debug\Eteczka.pdb
d:\usr\tokarz\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\Eteczka\Eteczka.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\usr\tokarz\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\Eteczka\Eteczka.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
d:\usr\tokarz\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\Eteczka\Eteczka.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
d:\usr\tokarz\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\Eteczka\Eteczka.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
d:\usr\tokarz\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\Eteczka\Eteczka.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
d:\usr\tokarz\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\Eteczka\Eteczka.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\usr\tokarz\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\Eteczka\Eteczka.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
d:\usr\tokarz\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\Eteczka\Eteczka.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
d:\usr\tokarz\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\Eteczka\Eteczka.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
d:\usr\tokarz\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\Eteczka\Eteczka.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
d:\usr\tokarz\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\Eteczka\Eteczka.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
d:\usr\tokarz\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\Eteczka\Eteczka.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
d:\usr\tokarz\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\Eteczka\Eteczka.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
d:\usr\tokarz\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\Eteczka\Eteczka.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
d:\usr\tokarz\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\Eteczka\Eteczka.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
d:\usr\tokarz\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\Eteczka\Eteczka.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
d:\usr\tokarz\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\Eteczka\Eteczka.Tests\obj\Debug\Eteczka.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\usr\tokarz\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\Eteczka\Eteczka.Tests\obj\Debug\Eteczka.Tests.dll
d:\usr\tokarz\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\Eteczka\Eteczka.Tests\obj\Debug\Eteczka.Tests.pdb
